docs/update-howto (#334)
tweag/jupyterWith: docs/HOWTO.md

# Kernels

> After initializing your project with a flake template, it should have a `kernels` directory which contains all the kernels.

Reviewer: This is the bit that confused me initially in #332, because currently after nix init flake there are no derivations in the kernels dir except for python.

So instead I'd suggest here saying something like

```suggestion
After initializing your project with a flake template, it should have a `kernels` directory, which contains `python.nix` kernel. You can find more kernel derivations in `kernels` directory at the root of this repository.
```
